Super Max (story)
=================

Prelude
-------

The Professor had a bad feeling about this.  He wanted to say
something out loud, to say that he'd been against it from the
beginning, but there was no point to that now.  He saw only one course
of action that could salvage the situation:

"We need to reverse the polarity!", the Professor shouted over the
deafening roar of the Apparatus.

"That doesn't make sense", replied the Assistant from somewhere deep
inside the machine.

The Professor began to say something, but was cut short when the
infernal noise suddenly ceased.

"Is it over?", he inquired towards the now lifeless husk of the
machine.

"No", replied the Assistant, removing himself from the inert metal.
"No, that Thing has escaped.  It's only just began."

Episode M: Opening
------------------

``*walking quickly on the street* Dammit, I'm late. *turns corner* I
wonder how late. *lifts left hand* No, checking the time won't get me
there faster. *looks up; dark cloudy sky* Nice weather, at
least. *turns corner*''

* The university is 100m ahead, it's covered by a black (not dark,
  black) cloud out of which purple light is illuminating the
  buildings.  In front of the doors, there's a huge crowd, and police
  siren lights are clearly visible beyond the crows. *

* Zoom in character's eyes: surprise; split screen; second screen:
  phone chirps, message from `Your Princess': `Help!  I'm in the
  labs!'; character's eyes: determination. *

* Character sprints, whistles, the crowd parts, a police car is
  visible, character jumps onto the hood, onto the top, off, and
  through the building's glass front doors.  The inside looks like a
  normal building, but here and there, the colour/texture is falling
  off the wall to reveal a Tron-like environment. *

* Fade out. *

Episode M: Tutorial
-------------------

* Fade in. *

* An Eliza appears. *

``Oh.  A woman in translucent nightgown.  Actually, a translucent
woman in a nightgown.  What the...''

* Eliza shrieks and lunges towards you. ***

``WWPD?  (What would Piccolo do?) Dodge! *lunges away from Eliza* I
need to get out of here.''

* Control switches to player *

Episode N: Opening
------------------

``Today started unusually.  I woke up in a locked room covered in
blood.  There was also a bullet ridden corpse and semi on the floor.
So, I did the only reasonable thing and stripped.  Some people would
have stopped to ask questions; I'm not some people; I plan to survive
the zombie apocalypse.''

* Jump to: An automatic door is trying to close on a leg severed below
  the knee. *

* Fade in: Bio-engineering building\\Level 1 Start *

* You fall down from a vent in the middle of the hallway.  There are 4
zombies. *

``Interview brain-teaser time!  You're in a narrow hallway.  You have
3 bullets and there are 4 zombies.  What do you do?''

Monsters
--------

These are the monsters one encounters in the Computing themed
building.  Note, that they are monsters, not bosses, so, even though
some have names, they are repeated.
  - Eliza :: a ghostly/holographic woman who looks almost real, but
             not quite; uncanny valley; her touch chills you to the
             bone;
  - Mx Doctor :: bigger than Eliza; a holographic man in a lab coat;
                 with a lisp!

Heroic Implements
-----------------

The following HI implements are used by the various characters:
  - Sebastian :: ostentatiously a sniper rifle; of course, since the
                 character doesn't know how to use a firearm, he uses
                 it as a staff-type weapon;
  - Nigel :: it's an umbrella, a weather-controlling umbrella; it's
             various attacks are electric-themed;
  - Beatrice :: it's battle-axe: cold, hard and unforgiving; in other
                words, just like my ex;

Relics
------

The following relics are scattered around Kingdom College:

  - Occam's Razor :: this battle-axe is located deep inside the Math
                     department; it deals critical damage to Rube
                     Goldberg automatons; ``You carefully size up the
                     weapon and find that understanding its purpose
                     requires no assumptions on your part.'';

  - Uncertainty ::

  - Hedgehog's Dilemma :: you get a destructive aura that damages
                          other entities (including allies) as they
                          get closer to you; allies get a healing aura
                          that heals *you* the closer they get to you;
                          ``Have you heard of the Hedgehog's
                          Dilemma?'';

  - Bavarian Fire Drill :: see the Illuminatus! Trilogy for the
                           reference; this weapon takes the form a
                           HUGE drill on fire made by the Germans (it
                           has ``Das Drill'' written on it) that mind
                           controls enemies into standing still and
                           doing repetitive tasks; that's right, it's
                           a purely defensive weapon;

  - Bilateral Symmetry :: you can only equip one weapon at a time and
                          it's mirrored to your other hand and you
                          dual-wield, whether you have the skill or
                          not; ``You recall Prof. Francesco saying
                          that symmetry is an evolutionary
                          advantage.'';

  - Turing Fragment :: assemble several of these into a Turing
                       Complete;

Skills
------

  - Axe-Fu :: ``Through arduous training, you have achieved oneness
              with the axe.''
    * 0 Axe Kata :: you go through a series of predefined moves,
                    dealing critical damage with every hit; ``You
                    remember your training days at the Dojo of a
                    Thousand Axes.  You go through the moves the
                    Master taught you on the first night.'';
    * 1 Axe Hyper-Wielding :: for a short period of time, your axes
                              are double; coupled with Bilateral
                              Symmetry, you can thus quadruple an axe;
                              ``You remember the axe wielders of
                              India, and how they could take advantage
                              of the time their hands were free to
                              equip even more axes.''
    * 2 Zen Axeology :: your axe attacks deal more damage, especially
                        the first strike; ``You once asked the Master,
                        `How do I axe harder?'.  He replied, `Axe
                        harder.''';
    * 3 Axe Analogy :: all enemies automagically have a weakness to
                       axe attacks; ``When all you have is an axe,
                       everything looks like a chopping board.  Your
                       enemies agree, whether they like it or not.''
    * 4 The Axe Effect :: for a short period of time, four Valkyries
                          help you; ``You raise your mighty axe to the
                          heavens and four scantly-clad Valkyrie
                          maidens come to your rescue.'';
    * 5 Axe Crazy :: for a very short period of time, all your attacks
                     deal super-critical damage; ``You feel the rage
                     welling up inside you.  You focus on it and it
                     takes the shape of an.. AXE.'';

Characters
----------

The following characters may be encountered in Kingdom College (these
are the ones with back-stories):

  - The Professor/The Assistant :: ``Everybody calls him barkeep''.
       The enigmatic professor and his assistant are intimately
       connected to The Incident.  Their memories, of both before and
       after, are scattered throughout the departments.  The fallout
       of their various attempts to fix the problem are also found
       everywhere.  I'd also go for multi-core personality catalyzed
       by later-life stress (unless that's still taboo).
